I love when you shake your head to songs you like; you don’t bop it, you like to shake it sideways. And when you sing along to it, sooo cute but so rare. 
I love when you say dumb dadada dumb dadada dumb. You were the first person I’ve met who referenced that.
I love the sound of your powerful, joyous laugh, and your big smile, looking like this 😆. Sometimes you laugh so hard it sounds like you’re coughing and huffing <3
I love it when we make eye contact in public, and you wink at me across the room. It’s even more lovable when you wink with your left eye. It still makes me nervous 
I love your hugs, your big body wrapped around me, so muscular 😛 so manly
That older woman in your class said it first, but I, too, love your buttery deep, manly voice. 
I love your fat ass, it’s even better when you hit the angle. 🚽
I love how active you are with everything you do; you’re active physically, in SASE, in your career, in school, and active in living. You’re always doing so much and always down to do more. I respect you for it
“But I'm a sunflower, a little funny”…
I love it whenever we sit next to each other, and our legs or arms touch, it reminds me of the beginning when I was starting to fall for you. 
I love being physical with you. When I’m around you, I feel love, safe, comfortable, vulnerable, like I’m myself. Aiden reference 
I love love love you so so much, my Hoang Long Phan. Hoanglongphan🐥
I love it whenever I leave from your house,you wait at the door and make heart hands when I pass 
I love seeing you when you don’t see me. I feel like a npc that yearns to befriend such a cool and nonchalant king like yourself but then I remember you’re my bf 😛
I love when you’re chivalrous. When you open doors for me or when you walk off, grab the wagon from me. Sometimes I pull it first just so you can take it from me.
I love when we’re sleeping together, spooning, and you pull me in closer in the middle of the night or as we’re waking up. My big teddy bear
I love how serious you are about watching shows or movies. Always quizzing me, making sure I was paying attention, getting upset if I wasn’t 
I love hearing you talk about stories you’ve read about or about things you’re knowledgeable over. Like your history lessons, I wanna major in Hoang-istory 
I love listening to your stories. You’re a great storyteller. Dare I say the best writer/talker I know? I love learning more things about you since I knew you.
I love seeing you lead, so authoritative, efficient, manly as freak, and very respectable 
I love the quotes you deem as valuable. The quotes you choose to share are a reflection of your values, which I feel is very respectable 
I fall in love with you whenever you make me laugh. So basically every day. You make me laugh so much, my funny boy
Even though I don’t say it often, I love when you talk about our future. It reassures me and I feel loved
I love whenever you eat panda, and you pass me the fortune cookie notes. I've kept all of them. That’s the inspo for this actually, hehe
I love how logical you are, although we can clash because of this, you’ve taught me to think differently and understand another type of mindset
I love whenever you ask lwk deep relationship questions. It always makes me laugh, not bc I think it’s dumb but bc I thinks it’s so sweet, it shows you care and so loving 
Although there has been slips, you’re so good with your words, you know how to be careful and smart with what you say. I love hearing you talk like that
I love singing Disney songs with you, I wouldn’t have ever believed my 22 yo boyfriends would ever sing children songs with me, songs that I love
I think its so sweet when I sing frozen or Let it grow and you say "I'm so in love"
I love how you talk about your dad, you two are so similar in humor Loll. But your respects for him is very sweet 
I love how you talk about your mom and how you call her pretty girl. I love how you help her when you can, even tho you complain, what a good son.
I love how you can spend hours talking to Thien anh. Listen to her Highschool gossip for hours. What a great favorite older brother 
I love your curly hair, and being able to run my fingers through them. But I will never stop yearning for straight Hoang 
I love how honest and open you are, I can ask you anything, your past and about the 5-6 girls you’ve kissed, and you would answer all my questions. 
I love how calm you are whenever I’m stressed. You help me calm down and I feel like everything will be okay even in situations like when I locked myself out my car.
I love how you like horror movies but you get scared easily, so scaredy cat, I shall protect you 
I love your tattoo, ik I make fun of you for it for being the classic egotistical Asian tattoo but I can’t deny it’s cool for it being the meaning of your name. And it’s hot
I love whenever you make references to the movies/show we watch, it’s so impressive, how do you just keep all of that data in your head
I love whenever we play games and it’s me v you, you never get that competitive or rub it in my face even thought you’re always better than me…. But I can rub it in yours 😛
I love whenever you say “I feel so close to you”  it makes me feel so loved and I find it so respectful
I love that you push me to be more active, as much as I used to hate it, I love doing it with you and you’ve convinced me